chore(ollama): add documentation to self hosting ollama instance (#267)
instill-ai/component: ai/ollama/v0/.compogen/setup-hosting.mdx

#### Local Ollama Instance

To set up an Ollama instance on your local machine, follow the instructions below:

> > Note: These instructions only work for Instill Core CE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InfoBlock type="info" title="info"> 
  Please note that these instructions will only work for self-hosted **🔮 Instill Core**.
</InfoBlock>
```

Author: Fixed

> > Note: These instructions only work for Instill Core CE

Author: I think "CE" stands for community edition?

1. Follow the tutorial on the official [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ollama/ollama) to install Ollama on your machine.
2. Follow the instructions in the [FAQ section](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/faq.md) to modify the variable `OLLAMA_HOST` to `0.0.0.0`, then restart Ollama.
3. Get the IP address of your machine on the local network.
    - On Linux and macOS, open the terminal and type `ifconfig`.
    - On Windows, open the command prompt and type `ipconfig`.
4. Suppose the IP address is `192.168.178.88`, then the Ollama hosting endpoint would be `192.168.178.88:11434`.

> 5. Enjoy fast LLM inference on your local machine with VDP's capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enjoy fast LLM inference on your local machine and integration with 💧 Instill VDP.
```
